hi so following on from the video we
made on Saturday
we're just here where I work at the
moment which is Travis Auggie Manchester
actually it could be cooking my hair off
because it started coming out pretty
badly now I just brushed it and this is
what's going on right now so just to let
you know it is my head is really itchy
it's like tingling it's a bit sore I've
lost quite a bit in the back of the bone
and I've got like red patches um so I've
decided it before any more comes out I'm
going to cut all my hair off and I'm
going to donate it to a charity called
little princesses and which is a charity
of set up by a little girl parents who
had cancer and she found it quite
traumatizing that she lost all the hair
and so I'm going to be putting off the
most amazing and donate it to them so
that can hopefully help somebody else
out and Ashley it's going to put it into
some kind of short style so we will be
back in a little while with the M how
come and if they're one else on sale oh
okay bye
okay so we now have to plot and I'm
gonna call them off
oh my god okay so now we have very short
okay so we're gonna start out somehow
and we walk back see you soon
hi and we have this is what one of my
old hair she's going to be sent off to
little princesses so hopefully someone
will have a nice new wig out back and I
absolutely love my new hair and really
really happy put it all up and yeah so
next time I'm probably gonna have shaved
head or at least think about wheat out
of this new haircut so yeah love it